# Searchable-Telephone-Directory-of-Tezpur-University

Searchable telephone directory is a web-based application for searching the contact details of employee’s of Tezpur university along with their designation, Department etc. We will provide a platform where users can view the contact details of the employees of TU, Departments, and administration in a standard way. Users will be able to use filter to search for specific details. Filters such as First name, middle name, last name, dept, current designation etc. This site will also provide a feature where verified users (TU Employees) can modify their personal information on the site. This site will save time of the users as they will be able to search the details in a time saving way.
# Objective:
The admin of the system should be able to add any new information to the system. Admin can modify the existing information, Including the designated people’s information. If a person is employee of Tezpur University and his/her information is present in the directory, then he/she should be able to modify his/her personal information - change the phone number, Public/restricted. (Officially allotted things cannot be restricted by no one). Any general user of the system (from anywhere) may get any public information from this system. In the default screen, information of Main entrance will be shown along with the provisions of available filters. Using those filters, contacts of Dept of a department/section, contact of similar designation should be available. User can filter the results based on first name, middle name, last name, department, current designation, department/section etc. If a search for a special designation is given, and match was found, then the basic information of the person currently on that designation is to be provided. Any authorized user of the system should be allowed to use the system from one window of one computer at a time only and should not be allowed to use again after a longer period of inactivity. And public user should be restricted to open only one window in one computer. Scope of this project is to provide a user-friendly graphical user interface through which user can search details about employees of TU. It will be a less time-consuming system and hence it will have high level efficiency.
# Language used:
• PHP
• HTML AND BOOTSTRAP
• Mysql as a database in Manas server.
